finding out when you want to learn about
and seeing how the library can help you
find out more about those things who'd
like to start
Kimberly I want to know more about the
planets in the solar system and I want
to find a chapter book that's not you
are great thanks Evan and I'm looking
for a silly book how about you Maria
what interests you I'm not really sure
what I want to learn about yeah well
that's okay because the library is a
great place to start to learn about all
kinds of things and the librarian can
point you in the right direction what
does the librarian do miss sharp I am so
happy you asked so you don't know where
to look to find that special book just
ask I'm the librarian you see don't be
afraid I work here every day let me help
you find what you because I don't it's
what I'm here for to help laughing
I can help you find that perfect - I can
teach you something really cool live
just as the library and you see just as
so if you don't know how to spell a word
like my transfer that's a good one -
rata Thoris just come to me and I'll
show you where the answers are just
waiting Wow I do a library do so many
things
she's like the information Queen thank
you
so if you need that special book and you
don't know where to look just at the
library and you see you're a terrarium
an aquarium no I want period there's so
much I can help you fine I'll always
help you guys don't mind
just ask the librarian you see just ask
me the library and you see just ask me
library and you will see just see see I
can help you any